WideWorldImporters database catalog
Applies to:  SQL Server  Azure SQL Database

The WideWorldImporters database contains all the transaction information and daily data for sales and purchases, as well as sensor data for vehicles and cold rooms.

Schemas
WideWorldImporters uses schemas for different purposes, such as storing data, defining how users can access the data, and providing objects for data warehouse development and integration.

Data schemas
These schemas contain the data. Many tables are needed by all other schemas and are located in the Application schema.

Schema	Description
Application	Application-wide users, contacts, and parameters. This schema also contains reference tables with data that is used by multiple schemas
Purchasing	Stock item purchases from suppliers and details about suppliers.
Sales	Stock item sales to retail customers, and details about customers and sales people.
Warehouse	Stock item inventory and transactions.
Secure-access schemas
These schemas are used for external applications that are not allowed to access the data tables directly. They contain views and stored procedures used by external applications.

Schema	Description
Website	All access to the database from the company website is through this schema.
Reports	All access to the database from Reporting Services reports is through this schema.
PowerBI	All access to the database from the Power BI dashboards via the Enterprise Gateway is through this schema.
The Reports and PowerBI schemas are not used in the initial release of the sample database. However, all Reporting Services and Power BI samples built on top of this database are encouraged to use these schemas.

Development schemas
Special-purpose schemas

Schema	Description
Integration	Objects and procedures required for data warehouse integration (that is, migrating the data to the WideWorldImportersDW database).
Sequences	Holds sequences used by all tables in the application.
Tables
All tables in the database are in the data schemas.

Application Schema
Details of parameters and people (users and contacts), along with common reference tables (common to multiple other schemas).

Table	Description
SystemParameters	Contains system-wide configurable parameters.
People	Contains user names, contact information, for all who use the application, and for the people that the Wide World Importers deals with at customer organizations. This table includes staff, customers, suppliers, and any other contacts. For people who have been granted permission to use the system or website, the information includes login details.
Cities	There are many addresses stored in the system, for people, customer organization delivery addresses, pickup addresses at suppliers, etc. Whenever an address is stored, there is a reference to a city in this table. There is also a spatial location for each city.
StateProvinces	Cities are part of states or provinces. This table has details of those, including spatial data describing the boundaries each state or province.
Countries	States or Provinces are part of countries/regions. This table has details of those, including spatial data describing the boundaries of each country/region.
DeliveryMethods	Choices for delivering stock items (for example, truck/van, post, pickup, courier, etc.)
PaymentMethods	Choices for making payments (for example, cash, check, EFT, etc.)
TransactionTypes	Types of customer, supplier, or stock transactions (for example, invoice, credit note, etc.)
Purchasing Schema
Details of suppliers and of stock item purchases.

Table	Description
Suppliers	Main entity table for suppliers (organizations)
SupplierCategories	Categories for suppliers (for example, novelties, toys, clothing, packaging, etc.)
SupplierTransactions	All financial transactions that are supplier-related (invoices, payments)
PurchaseOrders	Details of supplier purchase orders
PurchaseOrderLines	Detail lines from supplier purchase orders
 

Sales Schema
Details of customers, salespeople, and of stock item sales.

Table	Description
Customers	Main entity tables for customers (organizations or individuals)
CustomerCategories	Categories for customers (for example, novelty stores, supermarkets, etc.)
BuyingGroups	Customer organizations can be part of groups that exert greater buying power
CustomerTransactions	All financial transactions that are customer-related (invoices, payments)
SpecialDeals	Special pricing. This can include fixed prices, discount in dollars or discount percent.
Orders	Detail of customer orders
OrderLines	Detail lines from customer orders
Invoices	Details of customer invoices
InvoiceLines	Detail lines from customer invoices
Warehouse Schema
Details of stock items, their holdings and transactions.

Table	Description
StockItems	Main entity table for stock items
StockItemHoldings	Non-temporal columns for stock items. These are frequently updated columns.
StockGroups	Groups for categorizing stock items (for example, novelties, toys, edible novelties, etc.)
StockItemStockGroups	Which stock items are in which stock groups (many to many)
Colors	Stock items can (optionally) have colors
PackageTypes	Ways that stock items can be packaged (for example, box, carton, pallet, kg, etc.
StockItemTransactions	Transactions covering all movements of all stock items (receipt, sale, write-off)
VehicleTemperatures	Regularly recorded temperatures of vehicle chillers
ColdRoomTemperatures	Regularly recorded temperatures of cold room chillers
Design considerations
Database design is subjective and there is no right or wrong way to design a database. The schemas and tables in this database show ideas for how you can design your own database.

Schema design
WideWorldImporters uses a few schemas so that it is easy to understand the database system and demonstrate database principles.

Wherever possible, the database collocates tables that are commonly queried together into the same schema to minimize join complexity.

The database schema has been code-generated based on a series of metadata tables in another database WWI_Preparation. This gives WideWorldImporters a high degree of design consistency, naming consistency, and completeness. For details on how the schema has been generated see the source code: wide-world-importers/wwi-database-scripts

Table design
All tables have single column primary keys for join simplicity.
All schemas, tables, columns, indexes, and check constraints have a Description extended property that can be used to identify the purpose of the object or column. Memory-optimized tables are an exception to this since they don't currently support extended properties.
All foreign keys are automatically indexed unless there is another nonclustered index that has the same left-hand component.
Auto-numbering in tables is based on sequences. These sequences are easier to work with across linked servers and similar environments than IDENTITY columns. Memory-optimized tables use IDENTITY columns since they don't support in SQL Server 2016.
A single sequence (TransactionID) is used for these tables: CustomerTransactions, SupplierTransactions, and StockItemTransactions. This demonstrates how a set of tables can have a single sequence.
Some columns have appropriate default values.
Security schemas
For security, WideWorldImporters does not allow external applications to access data schemas directly. To isolate access, WideWorldImporters uses security-access schemas that do not hold data, but contain views and stored procedures. External applications use the security schemas to retrieve the data that they are allowed to view. This way, users can only run the views and stored procedures in the secure-access schemas

For example, this sample includes Power BI dashboards. An external application accesses these Power BI dashboards from the Power BI gateway as a user that has read-only permission on the Power BI schema. For read-only permission, the user only needs SELECT and EXECUTE permission on the Power BI schema. A database administrator at WWI assigns these permissions as needed.

Stored Procedures
Stored procedures are organized in schemas. Most of the schemas are used for configuration or sample purposes.

The Website schema contains the stored procedures that can be used by a Web front-end.

The Reports and PowerBI schemas are meant for reporting services and Power BI purposes. Any extensions of the sample are encouraged to use these schemas for reporting purposes.

Website schema
These are the procedures used by a client application, such as a Web front-end.

Procedure	Purpose
ActivateWebsiteLogon	Allows a person (from Application.People) to have access to the website.
ChangePassword	Changes a user's password (for users that are not using external authentication mechanisms).
InsertCustomerOrders	Allows inserting one or more customer orders (including the order lines).
InvoiceCustomerOrders	Takes a list of orders to be invoiced and processes the invoices.
RecordColdRoomTemperatures	Takes a sensor data list, as a table-valued parameter (TVP), and applies the data to the Warehouse.ColdRoomTemperatures temporal table.
RecordVehicleTemperature	Takes a JSON array and uses it to update Warehouse.VehicleTemperatures.
SearchForCustomers	Searches for customers by name or part of name (either the company name or the person name).
SearchForPeople	Searches for people by name or part of name.
SearchForStockItems	Searches for stock items by name or part of name or marketing comments.
SearchForStockItemsByTags	Searches for stock items by tags.
SearchForSuppliers	Searches for suppliers by name or part of name (either the company name or the person name).
Integration Schema
The stored procedures in this schema are used by the ETL process. They obtain the data needed from various tables for the timeframe required by the ETL package.

DataLoadSimulation Schema
Simulates a workload that inserts sales and purchases. The main stored procedure is PopulateDataToCurrentDate, which is used to insert sample data up to the current date.

Procedure	Purpose
Configuration_ApplyDataLoadSimulationProcedures	Recreates the procedures needed for data load simulation. This is needed for bringing data up to the current date.
Configuration_RemoveDataLoadSimulationProcedures	This removes the procedures again after data simulation is complete.
DeactivateTemporalTablesBeforeDataLoad	Removes the temporal nature of all temporal tables and where applicable, applies a trigger so that changes can be made as though they were being applied at an earlier date than the sys-temporal tables allow.
PopulateDataToCurrentDate	Used to bring the data up to the current date. Should be run before any other configuration options after restoring the database from an initial backup.
ReactivateTemporalTablesAfterDataLoad	Re-establishes the temporal tables, including checking for data consistency. (Removes the associated triggers).
Application Schema
These procedures are used to configure the sample. They are used to apply enterprise edition features to the standard edition version of the sample, and also to add auditing and full-text indexing.

Procedure	Purpose
AddRoleMemberIfNonexistent	Adds a member to a role if the member isn't already in the role
Configuration_ApplyAuditing	Adds auditing. Server auditing is applied for standard edition databases; additional database auditing is added for enterprise edition.
Configuration_ApplyColumnstoreIndexing	Applies columnstore indexing to Sales.OrderLines and Sales.InvoiceLines and reindexes appropriately.
Configuration_ApplyFullTextIndexing	Applies fulltext indexes to Application.People, Sales.Customers, Purchasing.Suppliers, and Warehouse.StockItems. Replaces Website.SearchForPeople, Website.SearchForSuppliers, Website.SearchForCustomers, Website.SearchForStockItems, Website.SearchForStockItemsByTags with replacement procedures that use fulltext indexing.
Configuration_ApplyPartitioning	Applies table partitioning to Sales.CustomerTransactions and Purchasing.SupplierTransactions, and rearranges the indexes to suit.
Configuration_ApplyRowLevelSecurity	Applies row level security to filter customers by sales territory related roles.
Configuration_ConfigureForEnterpriseEdition	Applies columnstore indexing, full text, in-memory, polybase, and partitioning.
Configuration_EnableInMemory	Adds a memory-optimized filegroup (when not working in Azure), replaces Warehouse.ColdRoomTemperatures, Warehouse.VehicleTemperatures with in-memory equivalents, and migrates the data, recreates the Website.OrderIDList, Website.OrderList, Website.OrderLineList, Website.SensorDataList table types with memory-optimized equivalents, drops and recreates the procedures Website.InvoiceCustomerOrders, Website.InsertCustomerOrders, and Website.RecordColdRoomTemperatures that uses these table types.
Configuration_RemoveAuditing	Removes the auditing configuration.
Configuration_RemoveRowLevelSecurity	Removes the row level security configuration (this is needed for changes to the associated tables).
CreateRoleIfNonexistent	Creates a database role if it doesn't already exist.
Sequences Schema
Procedures to configure the sequences in the database.

Procedure	Purpose
ReseedAllSequences	Calls the procedure ReseedSequenceBeyondTableValue for all sequences.
ReseedSequenceBeyondTableValue	Used to reposition the next sequence value beyond the value in any table that uses the same sequence. (Like a DBCC CHECKIDENT for identity columns equivalent for sequences but across potentially multiple tables).
Additional resources
Documentation

Install & configure WideWorldImportersDW sample database - SQL Server

Follow these instructions to download, install, and configure the WideWorldImportersDW sample database with SQL Server Management Studio.

Generate data in SQL samples WideWorldImporters - SQL Server

Use these SQL statements to generate and import sample data up to the current date for the WideWorldImporters sample databases.

Install and configure WideWorldImporters sample database - SQL Server

Follow these instructions to download, install, and configure the WideWorldImporters sample database with SQL Server Management Studio.

Show 4 more

Home
Stored Procedures
Compatibility
Contact
WideWorldImporters
This site uses Just the Docs, a documentation theme for Jekyll.
Search DBA MultiTool
DBA MultiTool on GitHub
WideWorldImporters
| Property | Value | | — | — | | SQL Server Version | 15.0.2000.5 | | Compatibility Level | 130 | | Collation | Latin1_General_100_CI_AS | —-

Schemas
Click to expand
* [Application](#application) * [DataLoadSimulation](#dataloadsimulation) * [dbo](#dbo) * [Integration](#integration) * [PowerBI](#powerbi) * [Purchasing](#purchasing) * [Reports](#reports) * [Sales](#sales) * [Sequences](#sequences) * [Warehouse](#warehouse) * [Website](#website) ### Application | Description | | --- | | Tables common across the application. Used for categorization and lookup lists, system parameters and people (users and contacts) | ### DataLoadSimulation | Description | | --- | | Tables and procedures used only during simulated data loading operations | ### dbo ### Integration | Description | | --- | | Tables and procedures required for integration with the data warehouse | ### PowerBI | Description | | --- | | Views and stored procedures that provide the only access for the Power BI dashboard system | ### Purchasing | Description | | --- | | Details of suppliers and of purchasing of stock items | ### Reports | Description | | --- | | Views and stored procedures that provide the only access for the reporting system | ### Sales | Description | | --- | | Details of customers, salespeople, and of sales of stock items | ### Sequences | Description | | --- | | Holds sequences used by all tables in the application | ### Warehouse | Description | | --- | | Details of stock items, their holdings and transactions | ### Website | Description | | --- | | Views and stored procedures that provide the only access for the application website |
Tables
Click to expand
* [Application.Cities](#applicationcities) * [Application.Cities_Archive](#applicationcities_archive) * [Application.Countries](#applicationcountries) * [Application.Countries_Archive](#applicationcountries_archive) * [Application.DeliveryMethods](#applicationdeliverymethods) * [Application.DeliveryMethods_Archive](#applicationdeliverymethods_archive) * [Application.PaymentMethods](#applicationpaymentmethods) * [Application.PaymentMethods_Archive](#applicationpaymentmethods_archive) * [Application.People](#applicationpeople) * [Application.People_Archive](#applicationpeople_archive) * [Application.StateProvinces](#applicationstateprovinces) * [Application.StateProvinces_Archive](#applicationstateprovinces_archive) * [Application.SystemParameters](#applicationsystemparameters) * [Application.TransactionTypes](#applicationtransactiontypes) * [Application.TransactionTypes_Archive](#applicationtransactiontypes_archive) * [Purchasing.PurchaseOrderLines](#purchasingpurchaseorderlines) * [Purchasing.PurchaseOrders](#purchasingpurchaseorders) * [Purchasing.SupplierCategories](#purchasingsuppliercategories) * [Purchasing.SupplierCategories_Archive](#purchasingsuppliercategories_archive) * [Purchasing.Suppliers](#purchasingsuppliers) * [Purchasing.Suppliers_Archive](#purchasingsuppliers_archive) * [Purchasing.SupplierTransactions](#purchasingsuppliertransactions) * [Sales.BuyingGroups](#salesbuyinggroups) * [Sales.BuyingGroups_Archive](#salesbuyinggroups_archive) * [Sales.CustomerCategories](#salescustomercategories) * [Sales.CustomerCategories_Archive](#salescustomercategories_archive) * [Sales.Customers](#salescustomers) * [Sales.Customers_Archive](#salescustomers_archive) * [Sales.CustomerTransactions](#salescustomertransactions) * [Sales.InvoiceLines](#salesinvoicelines) * [Sales.Invoices](#salesinvoices) * [Sales.OrderLines](#salesorderlines) * [Sales.Orders](#salesorders) * [Sales.SpecialDeals](#salesspecialdeals) * [Warehouse.ColdRoomTemperatures](#warehousecoldroomtemperatures) * [Warehouse.ColdRoomTemperatures_Archive](#warehousecoldroomtemperatures_archive) * [Warehouse.Colors](#warehousecolors) * [Warehouse.Colors_Archive](#warehousecolors_archive) * [Warehouse.PackageTypes](#warehousepackagetypes) * [Warehouse.PackageTypes_Archive](#warehousepackagetypes_archive) * [Warehouse.StockGroups](#warehousestockgroups) * [Warehouse.StockGroups_Archive](#warehousestockgroups_archive) * [Warehouse.StockItemHoldings](#warehousestockitemholdings) * [Warehouse.StockItems](#warehousestockitems) * [Warehouse.StockItems_Archive](#warehousestockitems_archive) * [Warehouse.StockItemStockGroups](#warehousestockitemstockgroups) * [Warehouse.StockItemTransactions](#warehousestockitemtransactions) * [Warehouse.VehicleTemperatures](#warehousevehicletemperatures) ### Application.Cities | Description | | --- | | Cities that are part of any address (including geographic location) | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **CityID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[CityID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a city within the database | | CityName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | Formal name of the city | | StateProvinceID | INT | no | [[Application].[StateProvinces].[StateProvinceID]](#applicationstateprovinces) | | State or province for this city | | Location | GEOGRAPHY | yes | | | Geographic location of the city | | LatestRecordedPopulation | BIGINT | yes | | | Latest available population for the City | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Application_Cities** | clustered | [CityID] | | | | FK_Application_Cities_StateProvinceID | nonclustered | [StateProvinceID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Application].[DetermineCustomerAccess]](#applicationdeterminecustomeraccess) | sql inline table valued function | | [[Application].[SystemParameters].[FK_Application_SystemParameters_DeliveryCityID_Application_Cities]](#applicationsystemparameters) | foreign key constraint | | [[Application].[SystemParameters].[FK_Application_SystemParameters_PostalCityID_Application_Cities]](#applicationsystemparameters) | foreign key constraint | | [[Integration].[GetCityUpdates]](#integrationgetcityupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Purchasing].[Suppliers].[FK_Purchasing_Suppliers_DeliveryCityID_Application_Cities]](#purchasingsuppliers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Purchasing].[Suppliers].[FK_Purchasing_Suppliers_PostalCityID_Application_Cities]](#purchasingsuppliers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Customers].[FK_Sales_Customers_DeliveryCityID_Application_Cities]](#salescustomers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Customers].[FK_Sales_Customers_PostalCityID_Application_Cities]](#salescustomers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Website].[Customers]](#websitecustomers) | view | | [[Website].[SearchForCustomers]](#websitesearchforcustomers) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[SearchForSuppliers]](#websitesearchforsuppliers) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[Suppliers]](#websitesuppliers) | view | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.Cities_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | CityID | INT | no | | | | | CityName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | | | StateProvinceID | INT | no | | | | | Location | GEOGRAPHY | yes | | | | | LatestRecordedPopulation | BIGINT | yes | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_Cities_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetCityUpdates]](#integrationgetcityupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.Countries | Description | | --- | | Countries that contain the states or provinces (including geographic boundaries) | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **CountryID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[CountryID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a country within the database | | CountryName | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | Name of the country | | FormalName | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | Full formal name of the country as agreed by United Nations | | IsoAlpha3Code | NVARCHAR(3) | yes | | | 3 letter alphabetic code assigned to the country by ISO | | IsoNumericCode | INT | yes | | | Numeric code assigned to the country by ISO | | CountryType | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | Type of country or administrative region | | LatestRecordedPopulation | BIGINT | yes | | | Latest available population for the country | | Continent | NVARCHAR(30) | no | | | Name of the continent | | Region | NVARCHAR(30) | no | | | Name of the region | | Subregion | NVARCHAR(30) | no | | | Name of the subregion | | Border | GEOGRAPHY | yes | | | Geographic border of the country as described by the United Nations | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Application_Countries** | clustered | [CountryID] | | | | UQ_Application_Countries_FormalName | nonclustered | [FormalName] | | | | UQ_Application_Countries_CountryName | nonclustered | [CountryName] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Application].[StateProvinces].[FK_Application_StateProvinces_CountryID_Application_Countries]](#applicationstateprovinces) | foreign key constraint | | [[Integration].[GetCityUpdates]](#integrationgetcityupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.Countries_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | CountryID | INT | no | | | | | CountryName | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | | | FormalName | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | | | IsoAlpha3Code | NVARCHAR(3) | yes | | | | | IsoNumericCode | INT | yes | | | | | CountryType | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | | | LatestRecordedPopulation | BIGINT | yes | | | | | Continent | NVARCHAR(30) | no | | | | | Region | NVARCHAR(30) | no | | | | | Subregion | NVARCHAR(30) | no | | | | | Border | GEOGRAPHY | yes | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_Countries_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetCityUpdates]](#integrationgetcityupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.DeliveryMethods | Description | | --- | | Ways that stock items can be delivered (ie: truck/van, post, pickup, courier, etc. | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **DeliveryMethodID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[DeliveryMethodID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a delivery method within the database | | DeliveryMethodName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | Full name of methods that can be used for delivery of customer orders | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Application_DeliveryMethods** | clustered | [DeliveryMethodID] | | | | UQ_Application_DeliveryMethods_DeliveryMethodName | nonclustered | [DeliveryMethodName] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Purchasing].[PurchaseOrders].[FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrders_DeliveryMethodID_Application_DeliveryMethods]](#purchasingpurchaseorders) | foreign key constraint | | [[Purchasing].[Suppliers].[FK_Purchasing_Suppliers_DeliveryMethodID_Application_DeliveryMethods]](#purchasingsuppliers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Customers].[FK_Sales_Customers_DeliveryMethodID_Application_DeliveryMethods]](#salescustomers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Invoices].[FK_Sales_Invoices_DeliveryMethodID_Application_DeliveryMethods]](#salesinvoices) | foreign key constraint | | [[Website].[Customers]](#websitecustomers) | view | | [[Website].[Suppliers]](#websitesuppliers) | view | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.DeliveryMethods_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | DeliveryMethodID | INT | no | | | | | DeliveryMethodName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_DeliveryMethods_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.PaymentMethods | Description | | --- | | Ways that payments can be made (ie: cash, check, EFT, etc. | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PaymentMethodID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[PaymentMethodID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a payment type within the database | | PaymentMethodName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | Full name of ways that customers can make payments or that suppliers can be paid | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Application_PaymentMethods** | clustered | [PaymentMethodID] | | | | UQ_Application_PaymentMethods_PaymentMethodName | nonclustered | [PaymentMethodName] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetPaymentMethodUpdates]](#integrationgetpaymentmethodupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Purchasing].[SupplierTransactions].[FK_Purchasing_SupplierTransactions_PaymentMethodID_Application_PaymentMethods]](#purchasingsuppliertransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[CustomerTransactions].[FK_Sales_CustomerTransactions_PaymentMethodID_Application_PaymentMethods]](#salescustomertransactions) | foreign key constraint | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.PaymentMethods_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | PaymentMethodID | INT | no | | | | | PaymentMethodName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_PaymentMethods_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetPaymentMethodUpdates]](#integrationgetpaymentmethodupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.People | Description | | --- | | People known to the application (staff, customer contacts, supplier contacts) | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PersonID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[PersonID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a person within the database | | FullName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | Full name for this person | | PreferredName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | Name that this person prefers to be called | | SearchName | NVARCHAR(101) | no | | | Name to build full text search on (computed column) | | IsPermittedToLogon | BIT | no | | | Is this person permitted to log on? | | LogonName | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | Person's system logon name | | IsExternalLogonProvider | BIT | no | | | Is logon token provided by an external system? | | HashedPassword | VARBINARY(MAX) | yes | | | Hash of password for users without external logon tokens | | IsSystemUser | BIT | no | | | Is the currently permitted to make online access? | | IsEmployee | BIT | no | | | Is this person an employee? | | IsSalesperson | BIT | no | | | Is this person a staff salesperson? | | UserPreferences | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | User preferences related to the website (holds JSON data) | | PhoneNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | Phone number | | FaxNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | Fax number | | EmailAddress | NVARCHAR(256) | yes | | | Email address for this person | | Photo | VARBINARY(MAX) | yes | | | Photo of this person | | CustomFields | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Custom fields for employees and salespeople | | OtherLanguages | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Other languages spoken (computed column from custom fields) | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Application_People** | clustered | [PersonID] | | | | IX_Application_People_Perf_20160301_05 | nonclustered | [IsPermittedToLogon], [PersonID] | [FullName], [EmailAddress] | Improves performance of order picking and invoicing | | IX_Application_People_IsSalesperson | nonclustered | [IsSalesperson] | | Allows quickly locating salespeople | | IX_Application_People_IsEmployee | nonclustered | [IsEmployee] | | Allows quickly locating employees | | IX_Application_People_FullName | nonclustered | [FullName] | | Improves performance of name-related queries | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Application].[Cities].[FK_Application_Cities_Application_People]](#applicationcities) | foreign key constraint | | [[Application].[Countries].[FK_Application_Countries_Application_People]](#applicationcountries) | foreign key constraint | | [[Application].[DeliveryMethods].[FK_Application_DeliveryMethods_Application_People]](#applicationdeliverymethods) | foreign key constraint | | [[Application].[PaymentMethods].[FK_Application_PaymentMethods_Application_People]](#applicationpaymentmethods) | foreign key constraint | | [[Application].[People].[FK_Application_People_Application_People]](#applicationpeople) | foreign key constraint | | [[Application].[StateProvinces].[FK_Application_StateProvinces_Application_People]](#applicationstateprovinces) | foreign key constraint | | [[Application].[SystemParameters].[FK_Application_SystemParameters_Application_People]](#applicationsystemparameters) | foreign key constraint | | [[Application].[TransactionTypes].[FK_Application_TransactionTypes_Application_People]](#applicationtransactiontypes) | foreign key constraint | | [[Integration].[GetCustomerUpdates]](#integrationgetcustomerupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Integration].[GetEmployeeUpdates]](#integrationgetemployeeupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Integration].[GetSupplierUpdates]](#integrationgetsupplierupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Purchasing].[PurchaseOrderLines].[FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrderLines_Application_People]](#purchasingpurchaseorderlines) | foreign key constraint | | [[Purchasing].[PurchaseOrders].[FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrders_Application_People]](#purchasingpurchaseorders) | foreign key constraint | | [[Purchasing].[PurchaseOrders].[FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrders_ContactPersonID_Application_People]](#purchasingpurchaseorders) | foreign key constraint | | [[Purchasing].[SupplierCategories].[FK_Purchasing_SupplierCategories_Application_People]](#purchasingsuppliercategories) | foreign key constraint | | [[Purchasing].[Suppliers].[FK_Purchasing_Suppliers_AlternateContactPersonID_Application_People]](#purchasingsuppliers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Purchasing].[Suppliers].[FK_Purchasing_Suppliers_Application_People]](#purchasingsuppliers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Purchasing].[Suppliers].[FK_Purchasing_Suppliers_PrimaryContactPersonID_Application_People]](#purchasingsuppliers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Purchasing].[SupplierTransactions].[FK_Purchasing_SupplierTransactions_Application_People]](#purchasingsuppliertransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[BuyingGroups].[FK_Sales_BuyingGroups_Application_People]](#salesbuyinggroups) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[CustomerCategories].[FK_Sales_CustomerCategories_Application_People]](#salescustomercategories) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Customers].[FK_Sales_Customers_AlternateContactPersonID_Application_People]](#salescustomers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Customers].[FK_Sales_Customers_Application_People]](#salescustomers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Customers].[FK_Sales_Customers_PrimaryContactPersonID_Application_People]](#salescustomers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[CustomerTransactions].[FK_Sales_CustomerTransactions_Application_People]](#salescustomertransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[InvoiceLines].[FK_Sales_InvoiceLines_Application_People]](#salesinvoicelines) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Invoices].[FK_Sales_Invoices_AccountsPersonID_Application_People]](#salesinvoices) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Invoices].[FK_Sales_Invoices_Application_People]](#salesinvoices) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Invoices].[FK_Sales_Invoices_ContactPersonID_Application_People]](#salesinvoices) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Invoices].[FK_Sales_Invoices_PackedByPersonID_Application_People]](#salesinvoices) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Invoices].[FK_Sales_Invoices_SalespersonPersonID_Application_People]](#salesinvoices) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[OrderLines].[FK_Sales_OrderLines_Application_People]](#salesorderlines) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Orders].[FK_Sales_Orders_Application_People]](#salesorders) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Orders].[FK_Sales_Orders_ContactPersonID_Application_People]](#salesorders) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Orders].[FK_Sales_Orders_PickedByPersonID_Application_People]](#salesorders) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Orders].[FK_Sales_Orders_SalespersonPersonID_Application_People]](#salesorders) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[SpecialDeals].[FK_Sales_SpecialDeals_Application_People]](#salesspecialdeals) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[Colors].[FK_Warehouse_Colors_Application_People]](#warehousecolors) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[PackageTypes].[FK_Warehouse_PackageTypes_Application_People]](#warehousepackagetypes) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockGroups].[FK_Warehouse_StockGroups_Application_People]](#warehousestockgroups) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItemHoldings].[FK_Warehouse_StockItemHoldings_Application_People]](#warehousestockitemholdings) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItems].[FK_Warehouse_StockItems_Application_People]](#warehousestockitems) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItemStockGroups].[FK_Warehouse_StockItemStockGroups_Application_People]](#warehousestockitemstockgroups) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItemTransactions].[FK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions_Application_People]](#warehousestockitemtransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Website].[ActivateWebsiteLogon]](#websiteactivatewebsitelogon) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[ChangePassword]](#websitechangepassword) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[Customers]](#websitecustomers) | view | | [[Website].[SearchForCustomers]](#websitesearchforcustomers) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[SearchForPeople]](#websitesearchforpeople) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[SearchForSuppliers]](#websitesearchforsuppliers) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[Suppliers]](#websitesuppliers) | view | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.People_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | PersonID | INT | no | | | | | FullName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | | | PreferredName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | | | SearchName | NVARCHAR(101) | no | | | | | IsPermittedToLogon | BIT | no | | | | | LogonName | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | | | IsExternalLogonProvider | BIT | no | | | | | HashedPassword | VARBINARY(MAX) | yes | | | | | IsSystemUser | BIT | no | | | | | IsEmployee | BIT | no | | | | | IsSalesperson | BIT | no | | | | | UserPreferences | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | | | PhoneNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | | | FaxNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | | | EmailAddress | NVARCHAR(256) | yes | | | | | Photo | VARBINARY(MAX) | yes | | | | | CustomFields | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | | | OtherLanguages | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_People_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetEmployeeUpdates]](#integrationgetemployeeupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.StateProvinces | Description | | --- | | States or provinces that contain cities (including geographic location) | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **StateProvinceID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[StateProvinceID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a state or province within the database | | StateProvinceCode | NVARCHAR(5) | no | | | Common code for this state or province (such as WA - Washington for the USA) | | StateProvinceName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | Formal name of the state or province | | CountryID | INT | no | [[Application].[Countries].[CountryID]](#applicationcountries) | | Country for this StateProvince | | SalesTerritory | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | Sales territory for this StateProvince | | Border | GEOGRAPHY | yes | | | Geographic boundary of the state or province | | LatestRecordedPopulation | BIGINT | yes | | | Latest available population for the StateProvince | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Application_StateProvinces** | clustered | [StateProvinceID] | | | | UQ_Application_StateProvinces_StateProvinceName | nonclustered | [StateProvinceName] | | | | IX_Application_StateProvinces_SalesTerritory | nonclustered | [SalesTerritory] | | Index used to quickly locate sales territories | | FK_Application_StateProvinces_CountryID | nonclustered | [CountryID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Application].[Cities].[FK_Application_Cities_StateProvinceID_Application_StateProvinces]](#applicationcities) | foreign key constraint | | [[Application].[DetermineCustomerAccess]](#applicationdeterminecustomeraccess) | sql inline table valued function | | [[Integration].[GetCityUpdates]](#integrationgetcityupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.StateProvinces_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | StateProvinceID | INT | no | | | | | StateProvinceCode | NVARCHAR(5) | no | | | | | StateProvinceName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | | | CountryID | INT | no | | | | | SalesTerritory | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | | | Border | GEOGRAPHY | yes | | | | | LatestRecordedPopulation | BIGINT | yes | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_StateProvinces_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetCityUpdates]](#integrationgetcityupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.SystemParameters | Description | | --- | | Any configurable parameters for the whole system | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **SystemParameterID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[SystemParameterID]) | Numeric ID used for row holding system parameters | | DeliveryAddressLine1 | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | First address line for the company | | DeliveryAddressLine2 | NVARCHAR(60) | yes | | | Second address line for the company | | DeliveryCityID | INT | no | [[Application].[Cities].[CityID]](#applicationcities) | | ID of the city for this address | | DeliveryPostalCode | NVARCHAR(10) | no | | | Postal code for the company | | DeliveryLocation | GEOGRAPHY | no | | | Geographic location for the company office | | PostalAddressLine1 | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | First postal address line for the company | | PostalAddressLine2 | NVARCHAR(60) | yes | | | Second postaladdress line for the company | | PostalCityID | INT | no | [[Application].[Cities].[CityID]](#applicationcities) | | ID of the city for this postaladdress | | PostalPostalCode | NVARCHAR(10) | no | | | Postal code for the company when sending via mail | | ApplicationSettings | NVARCHAR(MAX) | no | | | JSON-structured application settings | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | LastEditedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | (sysdatetime()) | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Application_SystemParameters** | clustered | [SystemParameterID] | | | | FK_Application_SystemParameters_PostalCityID | nonclustered | [PostalCityID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Application_SystemParameters_DeliveryCityID | nonclustered | [DeliveryCityID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.TransactionTypes | Description | | --- | | Types of customer, supplier, or stock transactions (ie: invoice, credit note, etc.) | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **TransactionTypeID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[TransactionTypeID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a transaction type within the database | | TransactionTypeName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | Full name of the transaction type | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Application_TransactionTypes** | clustered | [TransactionTypeID] | | | | UQ_Application_TransactionTypes_TransactionTypeName | nonclustered | [TransactionTypeName] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetTransactionTypeUpdates]](#integrationgettransactiontypeupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Purchasing].[SupplierTransactions].[FK_Purchasing_SupplierTransactions_TransactionTypeID_Application_TransactionTypes]](#purchasingsuppliertransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[CustomerTransactions].[FK_Sales_CustomerTransactions_TransactionTypeID_Application_TransactionTypes]](#salescustomertransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItemTransactions].[FK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions_TransactionTypeID_Application_TransactionTypes]](#warehousestockitemtransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Website].[InvoiceCustomerOrders]](#websiteinvoicecustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.TransactionTypes_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | TransactionTypeID | INT | no | | | | | TransactionTypeName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_TransactionTypes_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetTransactionTypeUpdates]](#integrationgettransactiontypeupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Purchasing.PurchaseOrderLines | Description | | --- | | Detail lines from supplier purchase orders | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PurchaseOrderLineID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[PurchaseOrderLineID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a line on a purchase order within the database | | PurchaseOrderID | INT | no | [[Purchasing].[PurchaseOrders].[PurchaseOrderID]](#purchasingpurchaseorders) | | Purchase order that this line is associated with | | StockItemID | INT | no | [[Warehouse].[StockItems].[StockItemID]](#warehousestockitems) | | Stock item for this purchase order line | | OrderedOuters | INT | no | | | Quantity of the stock item that is ordered | | Description | NVARCHAR(100) | no | | | Description of the item to be supplied (Often the stock item name but could be supplier description) | | ReceivedOuters | INT | no | | | Total quantity of the stock item that has been received so far | | PackageTypeID | INT | no | [[Warehouse].[PackageTypes].[PackageTypeID]](#warehousepackagetypes) | | Type of package received | | ExpectedUnitPricePerOuter | DECIMAL(18,2) | yes | | | The unit price that we expect to be charged | | LastReceiptDate | DATE | yes | | | The last date on which this stock item was received for this purchase order | | IsOrderLineFinalized | BIT | no | | | Is this purchase order line now considered finalized? (Receipted quantities and weights are often not precise) | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | LastEditedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | (sysdatetime()) | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrderLines** | clustered | [PurchaseOrderLineID] | | | | IX_Purchasing_PurchaseOrderLines_Perf_20160301_4 | nonclustered | [IsOrderLineFinalized], [StockItemID] | [OrderedOuters], [ReceivedOuters] | Improves performance of order picking and invoicing | | FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrderLines_StockItemID | nonclustered | [StockItemID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrderLines_PurchaseOrderID | nonclustered | [PurchaseOrderID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrderLines_PackageTypeID | nonclustered | [PackageTypeID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetPurchaseUpdates]](#integrationgetpurchaseupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Purchasing.PurchaseOrders | Description | | --- | | Details of supplier purchase orders | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PurchaseOrderID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[PurchaseOrderID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a purchase order within the database | | SupplierID | INT | no | [[Purchasing].[Suppliers].[SupplierID]](#purchasingsuppliers) | | Supplier for this purchase order | | OrderDate | DATE | no | | | Date that this purchase order was raised | | DeliveryMethodID | INT | no | [[Application].[DeliveryMethods].[DeliveryMethodID]](#applicationdeliverymethods) | | How this purchase order should be delivered | | ContactPersonID | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | The person who is the primary contact for this purchase order | | ExpectedDeliveryDate | DATE | yes | | | Expected delivery date for this purchase order | | SupplierReference | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | Supplier reference for our organization (might be our account number at the supplier) | | IsOrderFinalized | BIT | no | | | Is this purchase order now considered finalized? | | Comments | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Any comments related this purchase order (comments sent to the supplier) | | InternalComments | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Any internal comments related this purchase order (comments for internal reference only and not sent to the supplier) | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | LastEditedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | (sysdatetime()) | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrders** | clustered | [PurchaseOrderID] | | | | FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrders_SupplierID | nonclustered | [SupplierID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrders_DeliveryMethodID | nonclustered | [DeliveryMethodID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrders_ContactPersonID | nonclustered | [ContactPersonID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetPurchaseUpdates]](#integrationgetpurchaseupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Purchasing].[PurchaseOrderLines].[FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrderLines_PurchaseOrderID_Purchasing_PurchaseOrders]](#purchasingpurchaseorderlines) | foreign key constraint | | [[Purchasing].[SupplierTransactions].[FK_Purchasing_SupplierTransactions_PurchaseOrderID_Purchasing_PurchaseOrders]](#purchasingsuppliertransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItemTransactions].[FK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions_PurchaseOrderID_Purchasing_PurchaseOrders]](#warehousestockitemtransactions) | foreign key constraint | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Purchasing.SupplierCategories | Description | | --- | | Categories for suppliers (ie novelties, toys, clothing, packaging, etc.) | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **SupplierCategoryID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[SupplierCategoryID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a supplier category within the database | | SupplierCategoryName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | Full name of the category that suppliers can be assigned to | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Purchasing_SupplierCategories** | clustered | [SupplierCategoryID] | | | | UQ_Purchasing_SupplierCategories_SupplierCategoryName | nonclustered | [SupplierCategoryName] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetSupplierUpdates]](#integrationgetsupplierupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Purchasing].[Suppliers].[FK_Purchasing_Suppliers_SupplierCategoryID_Purchasing_SupplierCategories]](#purchasingsuppliers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Website].[Suppliers]](#websitesuppliers) | view | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Purchasing.SupplierCategories_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | SupplierCategoryID | INT | no | | | | | SupplierCategoryName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_SupplierCategories_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetSupplierUpdates]](#integrationgetsupplierupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Purchasing.Suppliers | Description | | --- | | Main entity table for suppliers (organizations) | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **SupplierID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[SupplierID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a supplier within the database | | SupplierName | NVARCHAR(100) | no | | | Supplier's full name (usually a trading name) | | SupplierCategoryID | INT | no | [[Purchasing].[SupplierCategories].[SupplierCategoryID]](#purchasingsuppliercategories) | | Supplier's category | | PrimaryContactPersonID | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | Primary contact | | AlternateContactPersonID | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | Alternate contact | | DeliveryMethodID | INT | yes | [[Application].[DeliveryMethods].[DeliveryMethodID]](#applicationdeliverymethods) | | Standard delivery method for stock items received from this supplier | | DeliveryCityID | INT | no | [[Application].[Cities].[CityID]](#applicationcities) | | ID of the delivery city for this address | | PostalCityID | INT | no | [[Application].[Cities].[CityID]](#applicationcities) | | ID of the mailing city for this address | | SupplierReference | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | Supplier reference for our organization (might be our account number at the supplier) | | BankAccountName | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | Supplier's bank account name (ie name on the account) | | BankAccountBranch | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | Supplier's bank branch | | BankAccountCode | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | Supplier's bank account code (usually a numeric reference for the bank branch) | | BankAccountNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | Supplier's bank account number | | BankInternationalCode | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | Supplier's bank's international code (such as a SWIFT code) | | PaymentDays | INT | no | | | Number of days for payment of an invoice (ie payment terms) | | InternalComments | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Internal comments (not exposed outside organization) | | PhoneNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | Phone number | | FaxNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | Fax number | | WebsiteURL | NVARCHAR(256) | no | | | URL for the website for this supplier | | DeliveryAddressLine1 | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | First delivery address line for the supplier | | DeliveryAddressLine2 | NVARCHAR(60) | yes | | | Second delivery address line for the supplier | | DeliveryPostalCode | NVARCHAR(10) | no | | | Delivery postal code for the supplier | | DeliveryLocation | GEOGRAPHY | yes | | | Geographic location for the supplier's office/warehouse | | PostalAddressLine1 | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | First postal address line for the supplier | | PostalAddressLine2 | NVARCHAR(60) | yes | | | Second postal address line for the supplier | | PostalPostalCode | NVARCHAR(10) | no | | | Postal code for the supplier when sending by mail | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Purchasing_Suppliers** | clustered | [SupplierID] | | | | UQ_Purchasing_Suppliers_SupplierName | nonclustered | [SupplierName] | | | | FK_Purchasing_Suppliers_SupplierCategoryID | nonclustered | [SupplierCategoryID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Purchasing_Suppliers_PrimaryContactPersonID | nonclustered | [PrimaryContactPersonID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Purchasing_Suppliers_PostalCityID | nonclustered | [PostalCityID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Purchasing_Suppliers_DeliveryMethodID | nonclustered | [DeliveryMethodID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Purchasing_Suppliers_DeliveryCityID | nonclustered | [DeliveryCityID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Purchasing_Suppliers_AlternateContactPersonID | nonclustered | [AlternateContactPersonID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetSupplierUpdates]](#integrationgetsupplierupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Purchasing].[PurchaseOrders].[FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrders_SupplierID_Purchasing_Suppliers]](#purchasingpurchaseorders) | foreign key constraint | | [[Purchasing].[SupplierTransactions].[FK_Purchasing_SupplierTransactions_SupplierID_Purchasing_Suppliers]](#purchasingsuppliertransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItems].[FK_Warehouse_StockItems_SupplierID_Purchasing_Suppliers]](#warehousestockitems) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItemTransactions].[FK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions_SupplierID_Purchasing_Suppliers]](#warehousestockitemtransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Website].[SearchForPeople]](#websitesearchforpeople) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[SearchForSuppliers]](#websitesearchforsuppliers) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[Suppliers]](#websitesuppliers) | view | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Purchasing.Suppliers_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | SupplierID | INT | no | | | | | SupplierName | NVARCHAR(100) | no | | | | | SupplierCategoryID | INT | no | | | | | PrimaryContactPersonID | INT | no | | | | | AlternateContactPersonID | INT | no | | | | | DeliveryMethodID | INT | yes | | | | | DeliveryCityID | INT | no | | | | | PostalCityID | INT | no | | | | | SupplierReference | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | | | BankAccountName | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | | | BankAccountBranch | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | | | BankAccountCode | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | | | BankAccountNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | | | BankInternationalCode | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | | | PaymentDays | INT | no | | | | | InternalComments | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | | | PhoneNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | | | FaxNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | | | WebsiteURL | NVARCHAR(256) | no | | | | | DeliveryAddressLine1 | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | | | DeliveryAddressLine2 | NVARCHAR(60) | yes | | | | | DeliveryPostalCode | NVARCHAR(10) | no | | | | | DeliveryLocation | GEOGRAPHY | yes | | | | | PostalAddressLine1 | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | | | PostalAddressLine2 | NVARCHAR(60) | yes | | | | | PostalPostalCode | NVARCHAR(10) | no | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_Suppliers_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetSupplierUpdates]](#integrationgetsupplierupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Purchasing.SupplierTransactions | Description | | --- | | All financial transactions that are supplier-related | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **SupplierTransactionID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[TransactionID]) | Numeric ID used to refer to a supplier transaction within the database | | SupplierID | INT | no | [[Purchasing].[Suppliers].[SupplierID]](#purchasingsuppliers) | | Supplier for this transaction | | TransactionTypeID | INT | no | [[Application].[TransactionTypes].[TransactionTypeID]](#applicationtransactiontypes) | | Type of transaction | | PurchaseOrderID | INT | yes | [[Purchasing].[PurchaseOrders].[PurchaseOrderID]](#purchasingpurchaseorders) | | ID of an purchase order (for transactions associated with a purchase order) | | PaymentMethodID | INT | yes | [[Application].[PaymentMethods].[PaymentMethodID]](#applicationpaymentmethods) | | ID of a payment method (for transactions involving payments) | | SupplierInvoiceNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | Invoice number for an invoice received from the supplier | | TransactionDate | DATE | no | | | Date for the transaction | | AmountExcludingTax | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | Transaction amount (excluding tax) | | TaxAmount | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | Tax amount calculated | | TransactionAmount | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | Transaction amount (including tax) | | OutstandingBalance | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | Amount still outstanding for this transaction | | FinalizationDate | DATE | yes | | | Date that this transaction was finalized (if it has been) | | IsFinalized | BIT | yes | | | Is this transaction finalized (invoices, credits and payments have been matched) | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | LastEditedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | (sysdatetime()) | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Purchasing_SupplierTransactions** | nonclustered | [SupplierTransactionID] | | | | IX_Purchasing_SupplierTransactions_IsFinalized | nonclustered | [IsFinalized], [TransactionDate] | | Index used to quickly locate unfinalized transactions | | FK_Purchasing_SupplierTransactions_TransactionTypeID | nonclustered | [TransactionTypeID], [TransactionDate] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Purchasing_SupplierTransactions_SupplierID | nonclustered | [SupplierID], [TransactionDate] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Purchasing_SupplierTransactions_PurchaseOrderID | nonclustered | [PurchaseOrderID], [TransactionDate] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Purchasing_SupplierTransactions_PaymentMethodID | nonclustered | [PaymentMethodID], [TransactionDate] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | CX_Purchasing_SupplierTransactions | clustered | [TransactionDate] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetTransactionUpdates]](#integrationgettransactionupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sales.BuyingGroups | Description | | --- | | Customer organizations can be part of groups that exert greater buying power | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **BuyingGroupID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[BuyingGroupID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a buying group within the database | | BuyingGroupName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | Full name of a buying group that customers can be members of | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Sales_BuyingGroups** | clustered | [BuyingGroupID] | | | | UQ_Sales_BuyingGroups_BuyingGroupName | nonclustered | [BuyingGroupName] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetCustomerUpdates]](#integrationgetcustomerupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Sales].[Customers].[FK_Sales_Customers_BuyingGroupID_Sales_BuyingGroups]](#salescustomers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[SpecialDeals].[FK_Sales_SpecialDeals_BuyingGroupID_Sales_BuyingGroups]](#salesspecialdeals) | foreign key constraint | | [[Website].[Customers]](#websitecustomers) | view | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sales.BuyingGroups_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | BuyingGroupID | INT | no | | | | | BuyingGroupName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_BuyingGroups_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetCustomerUpdates]](#integrationgetcustomerupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sales.CustomerCategories | Description | | --- | | Categories for customers (ie restaurants, cafes, supermarkets, etc.) | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **CustomerCategoryID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[CustomerCategoryID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a customer category within the database | | CustomerCategoryName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | Full name of the category that customers can be assigned to | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Sales_CustomerCategories** | clustered | [CustomerCategoryID] | | | | UQ_Sales_CustomerCategories_CustomerCategoryName | nonclustered | [CustomerCategoryName] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetCustomerUpdates]](#integrationgetcustomerupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Sales].[Customers].[FK_Sales_Customers_CustomerCategoryID_Sales_CustomerCategories]](#salescustomers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[SpecialDeals].[FK_Sales_SpecialDeals_CustomerCategoryID_Sales_CustomerCategories]](#salesspecialdeals) | foreign key constraint | | [[Website].[Customers]](#websitecustomers) | view | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sales.CustomerCategories_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | CustomerCategoryID | INT | no | | | | | CustomerCategoryName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_CustomerCategories_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetCustomerUpdates]](#integrationgetcustomerupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sales.Customers | Description | | --- | | Main entity tables for customers (organizations or individuals) | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **CustomerID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[CustomerID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a customer within the database | | CustomerName | NVARCHAR(100) | no | | | Customer's full name (usually a trading name) | | BillToCustomerID | INT | no | [[Sales].[Customers].[CustomerID]](#salescustomers) | | Customer that this is billed to (usually the same customer but can be another parent company) | | CustomerCategoryID | INT | no | [[Sales].[CustomerCategories].[CustomerCategoryID]](#salescustomercategories) | | Customer's category | | BuyingGroupID | INT | yes | [[Sales].[BuyingGroups].[BuyingGroupID]](#salesbuyinggroups) | | Customer's buying group (optional) | | PrimaryContactPersonID | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | Primary contact | | AlternateContactPersonID | INT | yes | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | Alternate contact | | DeliveryMethodID | INT | no | [[Application].[DeliveryMethods].[DeliveryMethodID]](#applicationdeliverymethods) | | Standard delivery method for stock items sent to this customer | | DeliveryCityID | INT | no | [[Application].[Cities].[CityID]](#applicationcities) | | ID of the delivery city for this address | | PostalCityID | INT | no | [[Application].[Cities].[CityID]](#applicationcities) | | ID of the postal city for this address | | CreditLimit | DECIMAL(18,2) | yes | | | Credit limit for this customer (NULL if unlimited) | | AccountOpenedDate | DATE | no | | | Date this customer account was opened | | StandardDiscountPercentage | DECIMAL(18,3) | no | | | Standard discount offered to this customer | | IsStatementSent | BIT | no | | | Is a statement sent to this customer? (Or do they just pay on each invoice?) | | IsOnCreditHold | BIT | no | | | Is this customer on credit hold? (Prevents further deliveries to this customer) | | PaymentDays | INT | no | | | Number of days for payment of an invoice (ie payment terms) | | PhoneNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | Phone number | | FaxNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | Fax number | | DeliveryRun | NVARCHAR(5) | yes | | | Normal delivery run for this customer | | RunPosition | NVARCHAR(5) | yes | | | Normal position in the delivery run for this customer | | WebsiteURL | NVARCHAR(256) | no | | | URL for the website for this customer | | DeliveryAddressLine1 | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | First delivery address line for the customer | | DeliveryAddressLine2 | NVARCHAR(60) | yes | | | Second delivery address line for the customer | | DeliveryPostalCode | NVARCHAR(10) | no | | | Delivery postal code for the customer | | DeliveryLocation | GEOGRAPHY | yes | | | Geographic location for the customer's office/warehouse | | PostalAddressLine1 | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | First postal address line for the customer | | PostalAddressLine2 | NVARCHAR(60) | yes | | | Second postal address line for the customer | | PostalPostalCode | NVARCHAR(10) | no | | | Postal code for the customer when sending by mail | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Sales_Customers** | clustered | [CustomerID] | | | | UQ_Sales_Customers_CustomerName | nonclustered | [CustomerName] | | | | IX_Sales_Customers_Perf_20160301_06 | nonclustered | [IsOnCreditHold], [CustomerID], [BillToCustomerID] | [PrimaryContactPersonID] | Improves performance of order picking and invoicing | | FK_Sales_Customers_PrimaryContactPersonID | nonclustered | [PrimaryContactPersonID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Customers_PostalCityID | nonclustered | [PostalCityID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Customers_DeliveryMethodID | nonclustered | [DeliveryMethodID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Customers_DeliveryCityID | nonclustered | [DeliveryCityID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Customers_CustomerCategoryID | nonclustered | [CustomerCategoryID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Customers_BuyingGroupID | nonclustered | [BuyingGroupID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Customers_AlternateContactPersonID | nonclustered | [AlternateContactPersonID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Application].[FilterCustomersBySalesTerritoryRole]](#applicationfiltercustomersbysalesterritoryrole) | security policy | | [[Integration].[GetCustomerUpdates]](#integrationgetcustomerupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Integration].[GetOrderUpdates]](#integrationgetorderupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Integration].[GetSaleUpdates]](#integrationgetsaleupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Sales].[Customers].[FK_Sales_Customers_BillToCustomerID_Sales_Customers]](#salescustomers) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[CustomerTransactions].[FK_Sales_CustomerTransactions_CustomerID_Sales_Customers]](#salescustomertransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Invoices].[FK_Sales_Invoices_BillToCustomerID_Sales_Customers]](#salesinvoices) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Invoices].[FK_Sales_Invoices_CustomerID_Sales_Customers]](#salesinvoices) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Orders].[FK_Sales_Orders_CustomerID_Sales_Customers]](#salesorders) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[SpecialDeals].[FK_Sales_SpecialDeals_CustomerID_Sales_Customers]](#salesspecialdeals) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItemTransactions].[FK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions_CustomerID_Sales_Customers]](#warehousestockitemtransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Website].[CalculateCustomerPrice]](#websitecalculatecustomerprice) | sql scalar function | | [[Website].[Customers]](#websitecustomers) | view | | [[Website].[InvoiceCustomerOrders]](#websiteinvoicecustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[SearchForCustomers]](#websitesearchforcustomers) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[SearchForPeople]](#websitesearchforpeople) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sales.Customers_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | CustomerID | INT | no | | | | | CustomerName | NVARCHAR(100) | no | | | | | BillToCustomerID | INT | no | | | | | CustomerCategoryID | INT | no | | | | | BuyingGroupID | INT | yes | | | | | PrimaryContactPersonID | INT | no | | | | | AlternateContactPersonID | INT | yes | | | | | DeliveryMethodID | INT | no | | | | | DeliveryCityID | INT | no | | | | | PostalCityID | INT | no | | | | | CreditLimit | DECIMAL(18,2) | yes | | | | | AccountOpenedDate | DATE | no | | | | | StandardDiscountPercentage | DECIMAL(18,3) | no | | | | | IsStatementSent | BIT | no | | | | | IsOnCreditHold | BIT | no | | | | | PaymentDays | INT | no | | | | | PhoneNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | | | FaxNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | | | DeliveryRun | NVARCHAR(5) | yes | | | | | RunPosition | NVARCHAR(5) | yes | | | | | WebsiteURL | NVARCHAR(256) | no | | | | | DeliveryAddressLine1 | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | | | DeliveryAddressLine2 | NVARCHAR(60) | yes | | | | | DeliveryPostalCode | NVARCHAR(10) | no | | | | | DeliveryLocation | GEOGRAPHY | yes | | | | | PostalAddressLine1 | NVARCHAR(60) | no | | | | | PostalAddressLine2 | NVARCHAR(60) | yes | | | | | PostalPostalCode | NVARCHAR(10) | no | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_Customers_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetCustomerUpdates]](#integrationgetcustomerupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sales.CustomerTransactions | Description | | --- | | All financial transactions that are customer-related | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **CustomerTransactionID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[TransactionID]) | Numeric ID used to refer to a customer transaction within the database | | CustomerID | INT | no | [[Sales].[Customers].[CustomerID]](#salescustomers) | | Customer for this transaction | | TransactionTypeID | INT | no | [[Application].[TransactionTypes].[TransactionTypeID]](#applicationtransactiontypes) | | Type of transaction | | InvoiceID | INT | yes | [[Sales].[Invoices].[InvoiceID]](#salesinvoices) | | ID of an invoice (for transactions associated with an invoice) | | PaymentMethodID | INT | yes | [[Application].[PaymentMethods].[PaymentMethodID]](#applicationpaymentmethods) | | ID of a payment method (for transactions involving payments) | | TransactionDate | DATE | no | | | Date for the transaction | | AmountExcludingTax | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | Transaction amount (excluding tax) | | TaxAmount | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | Tax amount calculated | | TransactionAmount | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | Transaction amount (including tax) | | OutstandingBalance | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | Amount still outstanding for this transaction | | FinalizationDate | DATE | yes | | | Date that this transaction was finalized (if it has been) | | IsFinalized | BIT | yes | | | Is this transaction finalized (invoices, credits and payments have been matched) | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | LastEditedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | (sysdatetime()) | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Sales_CustomerTransactions** | nonclustered | [CustomerTransactionID] | | | | IX_Sales_CustomerTransactions_IsFinalized | nonclustered | [IsFinalized], [TransactionDate] | | Allows quick location of unfinalized transactions | | FK_Sales_CustomerTransactions_TransactionTypeID | nonclustered | [TransactionTypeID], [TransactionDate] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_CustomerTransactions_PaymentMethodID | nonclustered | [PaymentMethodID], [TransactionDate] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_CustomerTransactions_InvoiceID | nonclustered | [InvoiceID], [TransactionDate] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_CustomerTransactions_CustomerID | nonclustered | [CustomerID], [TransactionDate] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | CX_Sales_CustomerTransactions | clustered | [TransactionDate] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetTransactionUpdates]](#integrationgettransactionupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[InvoiceCustomerOrders]](#websiteinvoicecustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sales.InvoiceLines | Description | | --- | | Detail lines from customer invoices | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **InvoiceLineID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[InvoiceLineID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a line on an invoice within the database | | InvoiceID | INT | no | [[Sales].[Invoices].[InvoiceID]](#salesinvoices) | | Invoice that this line is associated with | | StockItemID | INT | no | [[Warehouse].[StockItems].[StockItemID]](#warehousestockitems) | | Stock item for this invoice line | | Description | NVARCHAR(100) | no | | | Description of the item supplied (Usually the stock item name but can be overridden) | | PackageTypeID | INT | no | [[Warehouse].[PackageTypes].[PackageTypeID]](#warehousepackagetypes) | | Type of package supplied | | Quantity | INT | no | | | Quantity supplied | | UnitPrice | DECIMAL(18,2) | yes | | | Unit price charged | | TaxRate | DECIMAL(18,3) | no | | | Tax rate to be applied | | TaxAmount | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | Tax amount calculated | | LineProfit | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | Profit made on this line item at current cost price | | ExtendedPrice | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | Extended line price charged | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | LastEditedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | (sysdatetime()) | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Sales_InvoiceLines** | clustered | [InvoiceLineID] | | | | NCCX_Sales_InvoiceLines | nonclustered columnstore | | [InvoiceID], [StockItemID], [Quantity], [UnitPrice], [LineProfit], [LastEditedWhen] | | | FK_Sales_InvoiceLines_StockItemID | nonclustered | [StockItemID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_InvoiceLines_PackageTypeID | nonclustered | [PackageTypeID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_InvoiceLines_InvoiceID | nonclustered | [InvoiceID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetSaleUpdates]](#integrationgetsaleupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[InvoiceCustomerOrders]](#websiteinvoicecustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sales.Invoices | Description | | --- | | Details of customer invoices | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **InvoiceID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[InvoiceID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to an invoice within the database | | CustomerID | INT | no | [[Sales].[Customers].[CustomerID]](#salescustomers) | | Customer for this invoice | | BillToCustomerID | INT | no | [[Sales].[Customers].[CustomerID]](#salescustomers) | | Bill to customer for this invoice (invoices might be billed to a head office) | | OrderID | INT | yes | [[Sales].[Orders].[OrderID]](#salesorders) | | Sales order (if any) for this invoice | | DeliveryMethodID | INT | no | [[Application].[DeliveryMethods].[DeliveryMethodID]](#applicationdeliverymethods) | | How these stock items are beign delivered | | ContactPersonID | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | Customer contact for this invoice | | AccountsPersonID | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | Customer accounts contact for this invoice | | SalespersonPersonID | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | Salesperson for this invoice | | PackedByPersonID | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | Person who packed this shipment (or checked the packing) | | InvoiceDate | DATE | no | | | Date that this invoice was raised | | CustomerPurchaseOrderNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | Purchase Order Number received from customer | | IsCreditNote | BIT | no | | | Is this a credit note (rather than an invoice) | | CreditNoteReason | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Reason that this credit note needed to be generated (if applicable) | | Comments | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Any comments related to this invoice (sent to customer) | | DeliveryInstructions | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Any comments related to delivery (sent to customer) | | InternalComments | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Any internal comments related to this invoice (not sent to the customer) | | TotalDryItems | INT | no | | | Total number of dry packages (information for the delivery driver) | | TotalChillerItems | INT | no | | | Total number of chiller packages (information for the delivery driver) | | DeliveryRun | NVARCHAR(5) | yes | | | Delivery run for this shipment | | RunPosition | NVARCHAR(5) | yes | | | Position in the delivery run for this shipment | | ReturnedDeliveryData | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | JSON-structured data returned from delivery devices for deliveries made directly by the organization | | ConfirmedDeliveryTime | DATETIME2(7) | yes | | | Confirmed delivery date and time promoted from JSON delivery data | | ConfirmedReceivedBy | NVARCHAR(4000) | yes | | | Confirmed receiver promoted from JSON delivery data | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | LastEditedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | (sysdatetime()) | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Sales_Invoices** | clustered | [InvoiceID] | | | | IX_Sales_Invoices_ConfirmedDeliveryTime | nonclustered | [ConfirmedDeliveryTime] | [ConfirmedReceivedBy] | Allows quick retrieval of invoices confirmed to have been delivered in a given time period | | FK_Sales_Invoices_SalespersonPersonID | nonclustered | [SalespersonPersonID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Invoices_PackedByPersonID | nonclustered | [PackedByPersonID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Invoices_OrderID | nonclustered | [OrderID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Invoices_DeliveryMethodID | nonclustered | [DeliveryMethodID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Invoices_CustomerID | nonclustered | [CustomerID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Invoices_ContactPersonID | nonclustered | [ContactPersonID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Invoices_BillToCustomerID | nonclustered | [BillToCustomerID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Invoices_AccountsPersonID | nonclustered | [AccountsPersonID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | #### Check Constraints ##### Sales.CK_Sales_Invoices_ReturnedDeliveryData_Must_Be_Valid_JSON ###### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetSaleUpdates]](#integrationgetsaleupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Integration].[GetTransactionUpdates]](#integrationgettransactionupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Sales].[CK_Sales_Invoices_ReturnedDeliveryData_Must_Be_Valid_JSON]](#salesck_sales_invoices_returneddeliverydata_must_be_valid_json) | check constraint | | [[Sales].[CustomerTransactions].[FK_Sales_CustomerTransactions_InvoiceID_Sales_Invoices]](#salescustomertransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[InvoiceLines].[FK_Sales_InvoiceLines_InvoiceID_Sales_Invoices]](#salesinvoicelines) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItemTransactions].[FK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions_InvoiceID_Sales_Invoices]](#warehousestockitemtransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Website].[InvoiceCustomerOrders]](#websiteinvoicecustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sales.OrderLines | Description | | --- | | Detail lines from customer orders | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **OrderLineID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[OrderLineID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a line on an Order within the database | | OrderID | INT | no | [[Sales].[Orders].[OrderID]](#salesorders) | | Order that this line is associated with | | StockItemID | INT | no | [[Warehouse].[StockItems].[StockItemID]](#warehousestockitems) | | Stock item for this order line (FK not indexed as separate index exists) | | Description | NVARCHAR(100) | no | | | Description of the item supplied (Usually the stock item name but can be overridden) | | PackageTypeID | INT | no | [[Warehouse].[PackageTypes].[PackageTypeID]](#warehousepackagetypes) | | Type of package to be supplied | | Quantity | INT | no | | | Quantity to be supplied | | UnitPrice | DECIMAL(18,2) | yes | | | Unit price to be charged | | TaxRate | DECIMAL(18,3) | no | | | Tax rate to be applied | | PickedQuantity | INT | no | | | Quantity picked from stock | | PickingCompletedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | yes | | | When was picking of this line completed? | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | LastEditedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | (sysdatetime()) | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Sales_OrderLines** | clustered | [OrderLineID] | | | | NCCX_Sales_OrderLines | nonclustered columnstore | | [OrderID], [StockItemID], [Description], [Quantity], [UnitPrice], [PickedQuantity] | | | IX_Sales_OrderLines_Perf_20160301_02 | nonclustered | [StockItemID], [PickingCompletedWhen] | [OrderID], [PickedQuantity] | Improves performance of order picking and invoicing | | IX_Sales_OrderLines_Perf_20160301_01 | nonclustered | [PickingCompletedWhen], [OrderID], [OrderLineID] | [Quantity], [StockItemID] | Improves performance of order picking and invoicing | | IX_Sales_OrderLines_AllocatedStockItems | nonclustered | [StockItemID] | [PickedQuantity] | Allows quick summation of stock item quantites already allocated to uninvoiced orders | | FK_Sales_OrderLines_PackageTypeID | nonclustered | [PackageTypeID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_OrderLines_OrderID | nonclustered | [OrderID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetOrderUpdates]](#integrationgetorderupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[InsertCustomerOrders]](#websiteinsertcustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[InvoiceCustomerOrders]](#websiteinvoicecustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sales.Orders | Description | | --- | | Detail of customer orders | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **OrderID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[OrderID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to an order within the database | | CustomerID | INT | no | [[Sales].[Customers].[CustomerID]](#salescustomers) | | Customer for this order | | SalespersonPersonID | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | Salesperson for this order | | PickedByPersonID | INT | yes | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | Person who picked this shipment | | ContactPersonID | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | Customer contact for this order | | BackorderOrderID | INT | yes | [[Sales].[Orders].[OrderID]](#salesorders) | | If this order is a backorder, this column holds the original order number | | OrderDate | DATE | no | | | Date that this order was raised | | ExpectedDeliveryDate | DATE | no | | | Expected delivery date | | CustomerPurchaseOrderNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | Purchase Order Number received from customer | | IsUndersupplyBackordered | BIT | no | | | If items cannot be supplied are they backordered? | | Comments | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Any comments related to this order (sent to customer) | | DeliveryInstructions | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Any comments related to order delivery (sent to customer) | | InternalComments | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Any internal comments related to this order (not sent to the customer) | | PickingCompletedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | yes | | | When was picking of the entire order completed? | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | LastEditedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | (sysdatetime()) | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Sales_Orders** | clustered | [OrderID] | | | | FK_Sales_Orders_SalespersonPersonID | nonclustered | [SalespersonPersonID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Orders_PickedByPersonID | nonclustered | [PickedByPersonID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Orders_CustomerID | nonclustered | [CustomerID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_Orders_ContactPersonID | nonclustered | [ContactPersonID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[DataLoadSimulation].[PopulateDataToCurrentDate]](#dataloadsimulationpopulatedatatocurrentdate) | sql stored procedure | | [[Integration].[GetOrderUpdates]](#integrationgetorderupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Sales].[Invoices].[FK_Sales_Invoices_OrderID_Sales_Orders]](#salesinvoices) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[OrderLines].[FK_Sales_OrderLines_OrderID_Sales_Orders]](#salesorderlines) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[Orders].[FK_Sales_Orders_BackorderOrderID_Sales_Orders]](#salesorders) | foreign key constraint | | [[Website].[InsertCustomerOrders]](#websiteinsertcustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[InvoiceCustomerOrders]](#websiteinvoicecustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sales.SpecialDeals | Description | | --- | | Special pricing (can include fixed prices, discount $ or discount %) | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **SpecialDealID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[SpecialDealID]) | ID (sequence based) for a special deal | | StockItemID | INT | yes | [[Warehouse].[StockItems].[StockItemID]](#warehousestockitems) | | Stock item that the deal applies to (if NULL, then only discounts are permitted not unit prices) | | CustomerID | INT | yes | [[Sales].[Customers].[CustomerID]](#salescustomers) | | ID of the customer that the special pricing applies to (if NULL then all customers) | | BuyingGroupID | INT | yes | [[Sales].[BuyingGroups].[BuyingGroupID]](#salesbuyinggroups) | | ID of the buying group that the special pricing applies to (optional) | | CustomerCategoryID | INT | yes | [[Sales].[CustomerCategories].[CustomerCategoryID]](#salescustomercategories) | | ID of the customer category that the special pricing applies to (optional) | | StockGroupID | INT | yes | [[Warehouse].[StockGroups].[StockGroupID]](#warehousestockgroups) | | ID of the stock group that the special pricing applies to (optional) | | DealDescription | NVARCHAR(30) | no | | | Description of the special deal | | StartDate | DATE | no | | | Date that the special pricing starts from | | EndDate | DATE | no | | | Date that the special pricing ends on | | DiscountAmount | DECIMAL(18,2) | yes | | | Discount per unit to be applied to sale price (optional) | | DiscountPercentage | DECIMAL(18,3) | yes | | | Discount percentage per unit to be applied to sale price (optional) | | UnitPrice | DECIMAL(18,2) | yes | | | Special price per unit to be applied instead of sale price (optional) | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | LastEditedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | (sysdatetime()) | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Sales_SpecialDeals** | clustered | [SpecialDealID] | | | | FK_Sales_SpecialDeals_StockItemID | nonclustered | [StockItemID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_SpecialDeals_StockGroupID | nonclustered | [StockGroupID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_SpecialDeals_CustomerID | nonclustered | [CustomerID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_SpecialDeals_CustomerCategoryID | nonclustered | [CustomerCategoryID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Sales_SpecialDeals_BuyingGroupID | nonclustered | [BuyingGroupID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | #### Check Constraints ##### Sales.CK_Sales_SpecialDeals_Exactly_One_NOT_NULL_Pricing_Option_Is_Required ###### Definition
Click to expand
##### Sales.CK_Sales_SpecialDeals_Unit_Price_Deal_Requires_Special_StockItem ###### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Sales].[CK_Sales_SpecialDeals_Exactly_One_NOT_NULL_Pricing_Option_Is_Required]](#salesck_sales_specialdeals_exactly_one_not_null_pricing_option_is_required) | check constraint | | [[Sales].[CK_Sales_SpecialDeals_Unit_Price_Deal_Requires_Special_StockItem]](#salesck_sales_specialdeals_unit_price_deal_requires_special_stockitem) | check constraint | | [[Website].[CalculateCustomerPrice]](#websitecalculatecustomerprice) | sql scalar function | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.ColdRoomTemperatures #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **ColdRoomTemperatureID** | BIGINT | no | | | | | ColdRoomSensorNumber | INT | no | | | | | RecordedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | Temperature | DECIMAL(10,2) | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Warehouse_ColdRoomTemperatures** | nonclustered | [ColdRoomTemperatureID] | | | | IX_Warehouse_ColdRoomTemperatures_ColdRoomSensorNumber | nonclustered | [ColdRoomSensorNumber] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Website].[RecordColdRoomTemperatures]](#websiterecordcoldroomtemperatures) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.ColdRoomTemperatures_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ColdRoomTemperatureID | BIGINT | no | | | | | ColdRoomSensorNumber | INT | no | | | | | RecordedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | Temperature | DECIMAL(10,2) | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_ColdRoomTemperatures_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.Colors | Description | | --- | | Stock items can (optionally) have colors | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **ColorID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[ColorID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a color within the database | | ColorName | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | Full name of a color that can be used to describe stock items | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Warehouse_Colors** | clustered | [ColorID] | | | | UQ_Warehouse_Colors_ColorName | nonclustered | [ColorName] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetStockItemUpdates]](#integrationgetstockitemupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Warehouse].[StockItems].[FK_Warehouse_StockItems_ColorID_Warehouse_Colors]](#warehousestockitems) | foreign key constraint | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.Colors_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ColorID | INT | no | | | | | ColorName | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_Colors_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.PackageTypes | Description | | --- | | Ways that stock items can be packaged (ie: each, box, carton, pallet, kg, etc. | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PackageTypeID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[PackageTypeID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a package type within the database | | PackageTypeName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | Full name of package types that stock items can be purchased in or sold in | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Warehouse_PackageTypes** | clustered | [PackageTypeID] | | | | UQ_Warehouse_PackageTypes_PackageTypeName | nonclustered | [PackageTypeName] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetOrderUpdates]](#integrationgetorderupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Integration].[GetPurchaseUpdates]](#integrationgetpurchaseupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Integration].[GetSaleUpdates]](#integrationgetsaleupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Integration].[GetStockItemUpdates]](#integrationgetstockitemupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Purchasing].[PurchaseOrderLines].[FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrderLines_PackageTypeID_Warehouse_PackageTypes]](#purchasingpurchaseorderlines) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[InvoiceLines].[FK_Sales_InvoiceLines_PackageTypeID_Warehouse_PackageTypes]](#salesinvoicelines) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[OrderLines].[FK_Sales_OrderLines_PackageTypeID_Warehouse_PackageTypes]](#salesorderlines) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItems].[FK_Warehouse_StockItems_OuterPackageID_Warehouse_PackageTypes]](#warehousestockitems) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItems].[FK_Warehouse_StockItems_UnitPackageID_Warehouse_PackageTypes]](#warehousestockitems) | foreign key constraint | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.PackageTypes_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | PackageTypeID | INT | no | | | | | PackageTypeName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_PackageTypes_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.StockGroups | Description | | --- | | Groups for categorizing stock items (ie: novelties, toys, edible novelties, etc.) | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **StockGroupID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[StockGroupID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a stock group within the database | | StockGroupName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | Full name of groups used to categorize stock items | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Warehouse_StockGroups** | clustered | [StockGroupID] | | | | UQ_Warehouse_StockGroups_StockGroupName | nonclustered | [StockGroupName] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Sales].[SpecialDeals].[FK_Sales_SpecialDeals_StockGroupID_Warehouse_StockGroups]](#salesspecialdeals) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItemStockGroups].[FK_Warehouse_StockItemStockGroups_StockGroupID_Warehouse_StockGroups]](#warehousestockitemstockgroups) | foreign key constraint | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.StockGroups_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | StockGroupID | INT | no | | | | | StockGroupName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_StockGroups_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.StockItemHoldings | Description | | --- | | Non-temporal attributes for stock items | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **StockItemID** | INT | no | [[Warehouse].[StockItems].[StockItemID]](#warehousestockitems) | | ID of the stock item that this holding relates to (this table holds non-temporal columns for stock) | | QuantityOnHand | INT | no | | | Quantity currently on hand (if tracked) | | BinLocation | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | Bin location (ie location of this stock item within the depot) | | LastStocktakeQuantity | INT | no | | | Quantity at last stocktake (if tracked) | | LastCostPrice | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | Unit cost price the last time this stock item was purchased | | ReorderLevel | INT | no | | | Quantity below which reordering should take place | | TargetStockLevel | INT | no | | | Typical quantity ordered | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | LastEditedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | (sysdatetime()) | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Warehouse_StockItemHoldings** | clustered | [StockItemID] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetStockHoldingUpdates]](#integrationgetstockholdingupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[InvoiceCustomerOrders]](#websiteinvoicecustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.StockItems | Description | | --- | | Main entity table for stock items | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **StockItemID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[StockItemID]) | Numeric ID used for reference to a stock item within the database | | StockItemName | NVARCHAR(100) | no | | | Full name of a stock item (but not a full description) | | SupplierID | INT | no | [[Purchasing].[Suppliers].[SupplierID]](#purchasingsuppliers) | | Usual supplier for this stock item | | ColorID | INT | yes | [[Warehouse].[Colors].[ColorID]](#warehousecolors) | | Color (optional) for this stock item | | UnitPackageID | INT | no | [[Warehouse].[PackageTypes].[PackageTypeID]](#warehousepackagetypes) | | Usual package for selling units of this stock item | | OuterPackageID | INT | no | [[Warehouse].[PackageTypes].[PackageTypeID]](#warehousepackagetypes) | | Usual package for selling outers of this stock item (ie cartons, boxes, etc.) | | Brand | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | Brand for the stock item (if the item is branded) | | Size | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | Size of this item (eg: 100mm) | | LeadTimeDays | INT | no | | | Number of days typically taken from order to receipt of this stock item | | QuantityPerOuter | INT | no | | | Quantity of the stock item in an outer package | | IsChillerStock | BIT | no | | | Does this stock item need to be in a chiller? | | Barcode | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | Barcode for this stock item | | TaxRate | DECIMAL(18,3) | no | | | Tax rate to be applied | | UnitPrice | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | Selling price (ex-tax) for one unit of this product | | RecommendedRetailPrice | DECIMAL(18,2) | yes | | | Recommended retail price for this stock item | | TypicalWeightPerUnit | DECIMAL(18,3) | no | | | Typical weight for one unit of this product (packaged) | | MarketingComments | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Marketing comments for this stock item (shared outside the organization) | | InternalComments | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Internal comments (not exposed outside organization) | | Photo | VARBINARY(MAX) | yes | | | Photo of the product | | CustomFields | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Custom fields added by system users | | Tags | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | Advertising tags associated with this stock item (JSON array retrieved from CustomFields) | | SearchDetails | NVARCHAR(MAX) | no | | | Combination of columns used by full text search | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Warehouse_StockItems** | clustered | [StockItemID] | | | | UQ_Warehouse_StockItems_StockItemName | nonclustered | [StockItemName] | | | | FK_Warehouse_StockItems_UnitPackageID | nonclustered | [UnitPackageID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Warehouse_StockItems_SupplierID | nonclustered | [SupplierID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Warehouse_StockItems_OuterPackageID | nonclustered | [OuterPackageID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Warehouse_StockItems_ColorID | nonclustered | [ColorID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetPurchaseUpdates]](#integrationgetpurchaseupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Integration].[GetSaleUpdates]](#integrationgetsaleupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Integration].[GetStockItemUpdates]](#integrationgetstockitemupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Purchasing].[PurchaseOrderLines].[FK_Purchasing_PurchaseOrderLines_StockItemID_Warehouse_StockItems]](#purchasingpurchaseorderlines) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[InvoiceLines].[FK_Sales_InvoiceLines_StockItemID_Warehouse_StockItems]](#salesinvoicelines) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[OrderLines].[FK_Sales_OrderLines_StockItemID_Warehouse_StockItems]](#salesorderlines) | foreign key constraint | | [[Sales].[SpecialDeals].[FK_Sales_SpecialDeals_StockItemID_Warehouse_StockItems]](#salesspecialdeals) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItemHoldings].[PKFK_Warehouse_StockItemHoldings_StockItemID_Warehouse_StockItems]](#warehousestockitemholdings) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItemStockGroups].[FK_Warehouse_StockItemStockGroups_StockItemID_Warehouse_StockItems]](#warehousestockitemstockgroups) | foreign key constraint | | [[Warehouse].[StockItemTransactions].[FK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions_StockItemID_Warehouse_StockItems]](#warehousestockitemtransactions) | foreign key constraint | | [[Website].[CalculateCustomerPrice]](#websitecalculatecustomerprice) | sql scalar function | | [[Website].[InsertCustomerOrders]](#websiteinsertcustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[InvoiceCustomerOrders]](#websiteinvoicecustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[SearchForStockItems]](#websitesearchforstockitems) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[SearchForStockItemsByTags]](#websitesearchforstockitemsbytags) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.StockItems_Archive #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | StockItemID | INT | no | | | | | StockItemName | NVARCHAR(100) | no | | | | | SupplierID | INT | no | | | | | ColorID | INT | yes | | | | | UnitPackageID | INT | no | | | | | OuterPackageID | INT | no | | | | | Brand | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | | | Size | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | | | LeadTimeDays | INT | no | | | | | QuantityPerOuter | INT | no | | | | | IsChillerStock | BIT | no | | | | | Barcode | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | | | TaxRate | DECIMAL(18,3) | no | | | | | UnitPrice | DECIMAL(18,2) | no | | | | | RecommendedRetailPrice | DECIMAL(18,2) | yes | | | | | TypicalWeightPerUnit | DECIMAL(18,3) | no | | | | | MarketingComments | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | | | InternalComments | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | | | Photo | VARBINARY(MAX) | yes | | | | | CustomFields | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | | | Tags | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | | | SearchDetails | NVARCHAR(MAX) | no | | | | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | | | | | ValidFrom | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | ValidTo | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | ix_StockItems_Archive | clustered | [ValidFrom], [ValidTo] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetStockItemUpdates]](#integrationgetstockitemupdates) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.StockItemStockGroups | Description | | --- | | Which stock items are in which stock groups | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **StockItemStockGroupID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[StockItemStockGroupID]) | Internal reference for this linking row | | StockItemID | INT | no | [[Warehouse].[StockItems].[StockItemID]](#warehousestockitems) | | Stock item assigned to this stock group (FK indexed via unique constraint) | | StockGroupID | INT | no | [[Warehouse].[StockGroups].[StockGroupID]](#warehousestockgroups) | | StockGroup assigned to this stock item (FK indexed via unique constraint) | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | LastEditedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | (sysdatetime()) | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Warehouse_StockItemStockGroups** | clustered | [StockItemStockGroupID] | | | | UQ_StockItemStockGroups_StockItemID_Lookup | nonclustered | [StockItemID], [StockGroupID] | | | | UQ_StockItemStockGroups_StockGroupID_Lookup | nonclustered | [StockGroupID], [StockItemID] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Website].[CalculateCustomerPrice]](#websitecalculatecustomerprice) | sql scalar function | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.StockItemTransactions | Description | | --- | | Transactions covering all movements of all stock items | #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **StockItemTransactionID** | INT | no | | (NEXT VALUE FOR [Sequences].[TransactionID]) | Numeric ID used to refer to a stock item transaction within the database | | StockItemID | INT | no | [[Warehouse].[StockItems].[StockItemID]](#warehousestockitems) | | StockItem for this transaction | | TransactionTypeID | INT | no | [[Application].[TransactionTypes].[TransactionTypeID]](#applicationtransactiontypes) | | Type of transaction | | CustomerID | INT | yes | [[Sales].[Customers].[CustomerID]](#salescustomers) | | Customer for this transaction (if applicable) | | InvoiceID | INT | yes | [[Sales].[Invoices].[InvoiceID]](#salesinvoices) | | ID of an invoice (for transactions associated with an invoice) | | SupplierID | INT | yes | [[Purchasing].[Suppliers].[SupplierID]](#purchasingsuppliers) | | Supplier for this stock transaction (if applicable) | | PurchaseOrderID | INT | yes | [[Purchasing].[PurchaseOrders].[PurchaseOrderID]](#purchasingpurchaseorders) | | ID of an purchase order (for transactions associated with a purchase order) | | TransactionOccurredWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | Date and time when the transaction occurred | | Quantity | DECIMAL(18,3) | no | | | Quantity of stock movement (positive is incoming stock, negative is outgoing) | | LastEditedBy | INT | no | [[Application].[People].[PersonID]](#applicationpeople) | | | | LastEditedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | (sysdatetime()) | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions** | nonclustered | [StockItemTransactionID] | | | | FK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions_TransactionTypeID | nonclustered | [TransactionTypeID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions_SupplierID | nonclustered | [SupplierID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions_StockItemID | nonclustered | [StockItemID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions_PurchaseOrderID | nonclustered | [PurchaseOrderID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions_InvoiceID | nonclustered | [InvoiceID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | FK_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions_CustomerID | nonclustered | [CustomerID] | | Auto-created to support a foreign key | | CCX_Warehouse_StockItemTransactions | clustered columnstore | | [StockItemTransactionID], [StockItemID], [TransactionTypeID], [CustomerID], [InvoiceID], [SupplierID], [PurchaseOrderID], [TransactionOccurredWhen], [Quantity], [LastEditedBy], [LastEditedWhen] | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Integration].[GetMovementUpdates]](#integrationgetmovementupdates) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[InvoiceCustomerOrders]](#websiteinvoicecustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Warehouse.VehicleTemperatures #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Foreign Key | Default | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **VehicleTemperatureID** | BIGINT | no | | | | | VehicleRegistration | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | | | ChillerSensorNumber | INT | no | | | | | RecordedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | | | Temperature | DECIMAL(10,2) | no | | | | | FullSensorData | NVARCHAR(1000) | yes | | | | | IsCompressed | BIT | no | | | | | CompressedSensorData | VARBINARY(MAX) | yes | | | | #### Indexes | Name | Type | Key Columns | Include Columns | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | | **PK_Warehouse_VehicleTemperatures** | nonclustered | [VehicleTemperatureID] | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Website].[RecordVehicleTemperature]](#websiterecordvehicletemperature) | sql stored procedure | | [[Website].[VehicleTemperatures]](#websitevehicletemperatures) | view | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters)
Views
Click to expand
* [Website.Customers](#websitecustomers) * [Website.Suppliers](#websitesuppliers) * [Website.VehicleTemperatures](#websitevehicletemperatures) ### Website.Customers #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Description | | --- | ---| --- | --- | | CustomerID | INT | no | | | CustomerName | NVARCHAR(100) | no | | | CustomerCategoryName | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | PrimaryContact | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | AlternateContact | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | PhoneNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | FaxNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | BuyingGroupName | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | WebsiteURL | NVARCHAR(256) | no | | | DeliveryMethod | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | CityName | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | DeliveryLocation | GEOGRAPHY | yes | | | DeliveryRun | NVARCHAR(5) | yes | | | RunPosition | NVARCHAR(5) | yes | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.Suppliers #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Description | | --- | ---| --- | --- | | SupplierID | INT | no | | | SupplierName | NVARCHAR(100) | no | | | SupplierCategoryName | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | PrimaryContact | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | AlternateContact | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | PhoneNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | FaxNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | WebsiteURL | NVARCHAR(256) | no | | | DeliveryMethod | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | CityName | NVARCHAR(50) | yes | | | DeliveryLocation | GEOGRAPHY | yes | | | SupplierReference | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.VehicleTemperatures #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Description | | --- | ---| --- | --- | | VehicleTemperatureID | BIGINT | no | | | VehicleRegistration | NVARCHAR(20) | no | | | ChillerSensorNumber | INT | no | | | RecordedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | Temperature | DECIMAL(10,2) | no | | | FullSensorData | NVARCHAR(1000) | yes | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters)
Stored Procedures
Click to expand
* [Application.AddRoleMemberIfNonexistent](#applicationaddrolememberifnonexistent) * [Application.Configuration_ApplyAuditing](#applicationconfiguration_applyauditing) * [Application.Configuration_ApplyColumnstoreIndexing](#applicationconfiguration_applycolumnstoreindexing) * [Application.Configuration_ApplyFullTextIndexing](#applicationconfiguration_applyfulltextindexing) * [Application.Configuration_ApplyPartitioning](#applicationconfiguration_applypartitioning) * [Application.Configuration_ApplyRowLevelSecurity](#applicationconfiguration_applyrowlevelsecurity) * [Application.Configuration_ConfigureForEnterpriseEdition](#applicationconfiguration_configureforenterpriseedition) * [Application.Configuration_EnableInMemory](#applicationconfiguration_enableinmemory) * [Application.Configuration_RemoveAuditing](#applicationconfiguration_removeauditing) * [Application.Configuration_RemoveRowLevelSecurity](#applicationconfiguration_removerowlevelsecurity) * [Application.CreateRoleIfNonexistent](#applicationcreateroleifnonexistent) * [DataLoadSimulation.Configuration_ApplyDataLoadSimulationProcedures](#dataloadsimulationconfiguration_applydataloadsimulationprocedures) * [DataLoadSimulation.Configuration_RemoveDataLoadSimulationProcedures](#dataloadsimulationconfiguration_removedataloadsimulationprocedures) * [DataLoadSimulation.DeactivateTemporalTablesBeforeDataLoad](#dataloadsimulationdeactivatetemporaltablesbeforedataload) * [DataLoadSimulation.PopulateDataToCurrentDate](#dataloadsimulationpopulatedatatocurrentdate) * [DataLoadSimulation.ReactivateTemporalTablesAfterDataLoad](#dataloadsimulationreactivatetemporaltablesafterdataload) * [Integration.GetCityUpdates](#integrationgetcityupdates) * [Integration.GetCustomerUpdates](#integrationgetcustomerupdates) * [Integration.GetEmployeeUpdates](#integrationgetemployeeupdates) * [Integration.GetMovementUpdates](#integrationgetmovementupdates) * [Integration.GetOrderUpdates](#integrationgetorderupdates) * [Integration.GetPaymentMethodUpdates](#integrationgetpaymentmethodupdates) * [Integration.GetPurchaseUpdates](#integrationgetpurchaseupdates) * [Integration.GetSaleUpdates](#integrationgetsaleupdates) * [Integration.GetStockHoldingUpdates](#integrationgetstockholdingupdates) * [Integration.GetStockItemUpdates](#integrationgetstockitemupdates) * [Integration.GetSupplierUpdates](#integrationgetsupplierupdates) * [Integration.GetTransactionTypeUpdates](#integrationgettransactiontypeupdates) * [Integration.GetTransactionUpdates](#integrationgettransactionupdates) * [Sequences.ReseedAllSequences](#sequencesreseedallsequences) * [Sequences.ReseedSequenceBeyondTableValues](#sequencesreseedsequencebeyondtablevalues) * [Website.ActivateWebsiteLogon](#websiteactivatewebsitelogon) * [Website.ChangePassword](#websitechangepassword) * [Website.InsertCustomerOrders](#websiteinsertcustomerorders) * [Website.InvoiceCustomerOrders](#websiteinvoicecustomerorders) * [Website.RecordColdRoomTemperatures](#websiterecordcoldroomtemperatures) * [Website.RecordVehicleTemperature](#websiterecordvehicletemperature) * [Website.SearchForCustomers](#websitesearchforcustomers) * [Website.SearchForPeople](#websitesearchforpeople) * [Website.SearchForStockItems](#websitesearchforstockitems) * [Website.SearchForStockItemsByTags](#websitesearchforstockitemsbytags) * [Website.SearchForSuppliers](#websitesearchforsuppliers) ### Application.AddRoleMemberIfNonexistent #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @RoleName | SYSNAME(128) | no | | | @UserName | SYSNAME(128) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.Configuration_ApplyAuditing #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.Configuration_ApplyColumnstoreIndexing #### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Application].[Configuration_ConfigureForEnterpriseEdition]](#applicationconfiguration_configureforenterpriseedition) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.Configuration_ApplyFullTextIndexing #### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Application].[Configuration_ConfigureForEnterpriseEdition]](#applicationconfiguration_configureforenterpriseedition) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.Configuration_ApplyPartitioning #### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Application].[Configuration_ConfigureForEnterpriseEdition]](#applicationconfiguration_configureforenterpriseedition) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.Configuration_ApplyRowLevelSecurity #### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[DataLoadSimulation].[ReactivateTemporalTablesAfterDataLoad]](#dataloadsimulationreactivatetemporaltablesafterdataload) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.Configuration_ConfigureForEnterpriseEdition #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.Configuration_EnableInMemory #### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Application].[Configuration_ConfigureForEnterpriseEdition]](#applicationconfiguration_configureforenterpriseedition) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.Configuration_RemoveAuditing #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.Configuration_RemoveRowLevelSecurity #### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[DataLoadSimulation].[DeactivateTemporalTablesBeforeDataLoad]](#dataloadsimulationdeactivatetemporaltablesbeforedataload) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Application.CreateRoleIfNonexistent #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @RoleName | SYSNAME(128) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### DataLoadSimulation.Configuration_ApplyDataLoadSimulationProcedures #### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[DataLoadSimulation].[PopulateDataToCurrentDate]](#dataloadsimulationpopulatedatatocurrentdate) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### DataLoadSimulation.Configuration_RemoveDataLoadSimulationProcedures #### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[DataLoadSimulation].[PopulateDataToCurrentDate]](#dataloadsimulationpopulatedatatocurrentdate) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### DataLoadSimulation.DeactivateTemporalTablesBeforeDataLoad #### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[DataLoadSimulation].[Configuration_ApplyDataLoadSimulationProcedures]](#dataloadsimulationconfiguration_applydataloadsimulationprocedures) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### DataLoadSimulation.PopulateDataToCurrentDate #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @AverageNumberOfCustomerOrdersPerDay | INT | no | | | @SaturdayPercentageOfNormalWorkDay | INT | no | | | @SundayPercentageOfNormalWorkDay | INT | no | | | @IsSilentMode | BIT | no | | | @AreDatesPrinted | BIT | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### DataLoadSimulation.ReactivateTemporalTablesAfterDataLoad #### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[DataLoadSimulation].[Configuration_ApplyDataLoadSimulationProcedures]](#dataloadsimulationconfiguration_applydataloadsimulationprocedures) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Integration.GetCityUpdates #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @LastCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | @NewCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Integration.GetCustomerUpdates #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @LastCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | @NewCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Integration.GetEmployeeUpdates #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @LastCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | @NewCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Integration.GetMovementUpdates #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @LastCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | @NewCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Integration.GetOrderUpdates #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @LastCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | @NewCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Integration.GetPaymentMethodUpdates #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @LastCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | @NewCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Integration.GetPurchaseUpdates #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @LastCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | @NewCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Integration.GetSaleUpdates #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @LastCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | @NewCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Integration.GetStockHoldingUpdates #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Integration.GetStockItemUpdates #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @LastCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | @NewCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Integration.GetSupplierUpdates #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @LastCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | @NewCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Integration.GetTransactionTypeUpdates #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @LastCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | @NewCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Integration.GetTransactionUpdates #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @LastCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | | @NewCutoff | DATETIME2(7) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sequences.ReseedAllSequences #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Sequences.ReseedSequenceBeyondTableValues #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @SequenceName | SYSNAME(128) | no | | | @SchemaName | SYSNAME(128) | no | | | @TableName | SYSNAME(128) | no | | | @ColumnName | SYSNAME(128) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Sequences].[ReseedAllSequences]](#sequencesreseedallsequences) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.ActivateWebsiteLogon #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @PersonID | INT | no | | | @LogonName | NVARCHAR(50) | no | | | @InitialPassword | NVARCHAR(40) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.ChangePassword #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @PersonID | INT | no | | | @OldPassword | NVARCHAR(40) | no | | | @NewPassword | NVARCHAR(40) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.InsertCustomerOrders #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @Orders | ORDERLIST | no | | | @OrderLines | ORDERLINELIST | no | | | @OrdersCreatedByPersonID | INT | no | | | @SalespersonPersonID | INT | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.InvoiceCustomerOrders #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @OrdersToInvoice | ORDERIDLIST | no | | | @PackedByPersonID | INT | no | | | @InvoicedByPersonID | INT | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.RecordColdRoomTemperatures #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @SensorReadings | SENSORDATALIST | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.RecordVehicleTemperature #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @FullSensorDataArray | NVARCHAR(1000) | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.SearchForCustomers #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @SearchText | NVARCHAR(1000) | no | | | @MaximumRowsToReturn | INT | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.SearchForPeople #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @SearchText | NVARCHAR(1000) | no | | | @MaximumRowsToReturn | INT | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.SearchForStockItems #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @SearchText | NVARCHAR(1000) | no | | | @MaximumRowsToReturn | INT | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.SearchForStockItemsByTags #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @SearchText | NVARCHAR(1000) | no | | | @MaximumRowsToReturn | INT | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.SearchForSuppliers #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @SearchText | NVARCHAR(1000) | no | | | @MaximumRowsToReturn | INT | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
[Back to top](#wideworldimporters)
Scalar Functions
Click to expand
* [Website.CalculateCustomerPrice](#websitecalculatecustomerprice) ### Website.CalculateCustomerPrice #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | *Output* | DECIMAL(18,2) | yes | | | @CustomerID | INT | no | | | @StockItemID | INT | no | | | @PricingDate | DATE | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Website].[InsertCustomerOrders]](#websiteinsertcustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters)
Table Functions
Click to expand
* [Application.DetermineCustomerAccess](#applicationdeterminecustomeraccess) ### Application.DetermineCustomerAccess #### Parameters | Parameter | Type | Output | Description | | --- | --- | --- | --- | | @CityID | INT | no | | #### Definition
Click to expand
#### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Application].[FilterCustomersBySalesTerritoryRole]](#applicationfiltercustomersbysalesterritoryrole) | security policy | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters)
User Defined Table Types
Click to expand
* [Website.OrderIDList](#websiteorderidlist) * [Website.OrderLineList](#websiteorderlinelist) * [Website.OrderList](#websiteorderlist) * [Website.SensorDataList](#websitesensordatalist) ### Website.OrderIDList #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Default | Description | | --- | ---| --- | --- | --- | | **OrderID** | INT | no | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Website].[InvoiceCustomerOrders]](#websiteinvoicecustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.OrderLineList #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Default | Description | | --- | ---| --- | --- | --- | | OrderReference | INT | yes | | | | StockItemID | INT | yes | | | | Description | NVARCHAR(100) | yes | | | | Quantity | INT | yes | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Website].[InsertCustomerOrders]](#websiteinsertcustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.OrderList #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Default | Description | | --- | ---| --- | --- | --- | | **OrderReference** | INT | no | | | | CustomerID | INT | yes | | | | ContactPersonID | INT | yes | | | | ExpectedDeliveryDate | DATE | yes | | | | CustomerPurchaseOrderNumber | NVARCHAR(20) | yes | | | | IsUndersupplyBackordered | BIT | yes | | | | Comments | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | | DeliveryInstructions | NVARCHAR(MAX) | yes | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Website].[InsertCustomerOrders]](#websiteinsertcustomerorders) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters) ### Website.SensorDataList #### Columns | Column | Type | Null | Default | Description | | --- | ---| --- | --- | --- | | **SensorDataListID** | INT | no | | | | ColdRoomSensorNumber | INT | yes | | | | RecordedWhen | DATETIME2(7) | yes | | | | Temperature | DECIMAL(18,2) | yes | | | #### Referenced By | Object | Type | | --- | --- | | [[Website].[RecordColdRoomTemperatures]](#websiterecordcoldroomtemperatures) | sql stored procedure | [Back to top](#wideworldimporters)
Back to top

Icons made by mangsaabguru from www.flaticon.com

Edit this page on GitHub

